flaskapp/README.md, before:

# Warren NMT Engine
Developed by Milton  
A Chinese-to-English machine translation engine, built upon OpenNMT: http://opennmt.net/  
This repository contains both the training preparation (e.g. data collection, data processing and machine learning) and the web interface used to display the output (coupled with the API).  
  
Web Translation Engine: flaskapp/
Data Processing and Machine Learning: training/

## Requirements (suggest to use pip to install, or run requirements.sh)
* Flask>=1.0.2
* jieba>=0.39
* virtualenv>=15.0.1

## How to host the web translation engine on GCP / AWS EC2
1. Clone the repository  
`git clone https://github.com/topadmit/warren/`  
  
2. Change directory to the web translation and create a virtual environment named `venv` (you can change the name as you wish)  
`cd path/to/warren`  
`virtualenv venv`  
  
3. Run the virtual environment  
`source venv/bin/activate`  

4. Install requirements
Either: Run the shell script in the main folder  
`cd path/to/warren`  
`chmod +x ./install.sh`

Commit message:

Add guide to setting up mySQL

flaskapp/README.md, after:

# Warren NMT Engine
Developed by Milton

## Introduction
A Chinese-to-English machine translation engine, built upon OpenNMT: http://opennmt.net/  
This repository contains both the training preparation (e.g. data collection, data processing and machine learning) and the web interface used to display the output (coupled with the API).  
  
Web Translation Engine: flaskapp/  
Data Processing and Machine Learning: training/ (in progress)

## Requirements (suggest to use pip to install, or run requirements.sh)
* flask>=1.0.2
* jieba>=0.39
* opencc-python-reimplemented>=0.1.4
* mysql-connector-python>=8.0.12
* virtualenv>=15.0.1
 
## How to host the web translation engine on GCP / AWS EC2
1. Clone the repository  
`git clone https://github.com/topadmit/warren/`  
  
2. Change directory to the web translation and create a virtual environment named `venv` (you can change the name as you wish)  
`cd path/to/warren`  
`virtualenv venv`  
  
3. Run the virtual environment  
`source venv/bin/activate`  

4. Install requirements
Suggestion: Run the shell script in the main folder  
`cd path/to/warren`  
`chmod +x ./requirements.sh`  
`sudo bash ./requirements.sh`  
  
5. Set up mySQL on Google Cloud 
`sudo apt-get update`  
`sudo apt-get -y install mysql-server`  
`sudo mysql_secure_installation` (Follow the steps in the console)  
  
6. Set up the local database and tables  (Important: Check database name and credentials and modify `queries.py` or `options.cnf` with the correct details. Replace `username` and `password` with the credentials you want.)  
`sudo mysql -u root -p`  
`mysql> GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON *.* TO 'username'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'password';`  
`mysql> CREATE DATABASE warren;`  
`mysql> CREATE TABLE suggestion(id INT AUTO_INCREMENT, en text, zh_hant text, rating tinyint(4), en_modified text, PRIMARY KEY (id));`
